In this video I'm going to introduce two interesting data structure: stack and queue.
Stack follow first in last out principle.
That's it when you're adding element,
you're adding that to the top,
and when you remove element,
you also remove that from top.
On the other hand, queue follows first in,
first out, which is when you adding an element you're adding that down to the bottom.
When you remove element,
you remove that from top.
Let's take a look at an example we have and understand them better.
To help you better understand what is first in,
first out or first in,
last out, let's use an example to illustrate how stack and queue works.
From adding number 1-5 to stack and queue,
the order will look like this.
If I'm adding 1-5 to stack,
I'm adding always on the top,
and this is the order for stack.
If I'm adding 1-5 to queue,
I'm always adding to the bottom.
If I remove that,
I will remove from top for the queue,
I remove top from the stack.
So for example, if I take three numbers out from the stack,
I'm taking 5, 4, 3.
If I'm taking three number from the queue,
I am taking 1, 2, and 3.
I hope this give you a better understanding what is first in,
first out or first in, last out.
Let's take a look at the quizzes we have and also take a look
at the coding access we have to help you better understand queue and stack.